*pdsvim.txt*: The vim settings for Paul Salcido

==============================================================================
1. About ......................................................... |PDS-About|
2. Settings ................................................... |PDS-Settings|
    2.1 Maps ...................................................... |PDS-Maps|
    2.2 Functions ............................................ |PDS-Functions|
3. License ..................................................... |PDS-License|
4. Author ....................................................... |PDS-Author|
5. Additional TODO Removes ..................................... |PDS-Removes|

==============================================================================
1. About                                                           *PDS-About*

In this vim directory, you'll find the settings that Paul David Salcido
prefers to use when he is using vim.  This documentation is, in fact, Paul
Salcido writing about his own vim settings while using the third person.  I
doubt anyone else will enjoy this, but it's here just in case anyone else
should get interested.

==============================================================================
2. Settings                                                     *PDS-Settings*

This script opens by injecting pathogen.  I am trying to get all of my
language specific settings into their own 'bundles' using pathogen.  I would
like to change this to native packages when I move to vim 8.0, which I haven't
done because all of the places where I code have not yet upgraded.  I might
want to switch on version, but I'm not sure about ftplugin with packages.

I like color 'desert' and leader as '-' and local leader as '\', so that's how
it's set up.

I don't use treeview, and instead, I use netrw with list style set to tree,
opens in new tabs, window size at 25%.

Most importantly, and the most shocking to someone using my vim, you'll
probably want to note that the escape key has been replaced with 'jk' in
insert mode.

2.1 Maps                                                            *PDS-Maps*

    --: Move line down.
    -_: Move line up.

    -er: Edit a top level README or README.md file for current repository.
    -ef: Open the vim file directory for my plugin for the current file type.
    -tv: Open my treeview navigator, just a carefully prepared netrw.
    -ev: Edit the main vimrc file.
    -sv: Source the main vimrc file.

    C+u: Uppercase a word that I've just finished typing.
    -": Surround last word in quotes.
    -': Surround last word in ticks.

2.2 Functions                                                  *PDS-Functions*

MyGitRoot: Returns the git root for the current repository.

MyReadmeFile: Edits the top level readme file in a new split.

EditMyVimFileDir: Find my vim plugin (by name constraint) and edit the
ftplugin directory for the current file type.  This works for most as I have
one vim plugin for each file type, one for vimultiplex, but unfortunately vim
documentation shares the same one as vim files themselves.

3. License                                                       *PDS-License*

Copyright (c) 2018 Paul David Salcido

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

4. Author

Paul David Salcido paulsalcido.79@gmail.com

5. Additional TODO Removes                                       *PDS-Removes*

There are parts of this file I need to move elsewhere.  These include the
autocommand groups at the bottom of the file.  I add in the ability to comment
out lines for various filetypes, and have settings for perl, a few movement
settings and iabbrevs that should be deleted or go elsewhere.  I'll be
deleting them as I add in more configuration for whatever I need to work on.
